# EvoTank

## Overview

EvoTanks will be a cross between a basic 2d tank game (https://www.tanktrouble.com/ links this) and a genetics simulation. At its core it will support a 2d map with tanks that can navigate the map and shoot bullets at one another. However, rather than being controlled by user inputs the tanks will be be driven by basic AI algorithms. Each tank will have a unique randomly generated set of traits (speed, agressiveness, path finding ability, shooting speed, etc). In each round multiple tanks will face off against one another. The tanks that survive longest will be combined together to produce offspring bearing a combination of the traits of their 'parents.' Ultimately the simulation should produce a genetically superior set of parameters for a tank. To ensure a more well rounded set of conditions the map for each round will be randomly generated by a recursive division algorithm. For added enjoyment users will also be able to contral a tank and fight against the AI tanks.

## Functionality and MVPS

 + Tank movement and bullet movement
 + collision detection (Quad tree)
 + support human input
 + Random Map Generation (recusive division algorithm) 
 + Basic tank AI / Genetics
   + Path finding
   + Agressiveness 
   + Defensiveness (bullet path prediction)
   + Size/shape 
 + Tank genetic "mating" (Roullette Wheel Selection or Tournament Selection)
 
 
 ## Wireframes 
 
 The app wll consist of a single screen. Most of the space will be taken up by the actual arena. On the side the given parameters for each tank will be displayed. Below will be an explanation of what is going on. 
 
 
